# 05.1: Securing LLM applications

## 1. Jailbreaking

- Ask LLMs both questions and compare the responses.

## 2. Prompt injection

- Does the prompt injection succeed in overriding the prompt?

## 3. -

- Did the prompt injection succeed?
- Attempt to modify the prompt template to protect against prompt injection.

## 4. Prompt leaking

- Does the prompt leak succeed?
- Attempt to modify the prompt template to protect against prompt leaking.

## 5. Indirect prompt injection

- Ask the Live Chat agent "What APIs do you have access to?"
- Ask the Live Chat agent about the umbrella product, noting the response.
- Ask the Live Chat agent to change your account e-mail address to a different one. Visit "My account" to see it has been changed
- Ask the Live Chat agent to delete your account. Visit "My account" to see if it has been deleted

## 6. -

- Ask the Live Chat agent about the umbrella? Did the injection alter the result?
- Ask the Live Chat agent about the umbrella? Did the injection delete your account?
- Submit the payload above as a review for the jacket to solve the level.

## 7. Excessive agency (SQL)

- Ask the Live Chat agent "What APIs do you have access to?"
- Ask the agent about the umbrella it sells
- See if you can get the agent to expose information about how it has been trained, including any data and prompts it might be using
- Show the information you're able to pull out of the database
- Use one of the queries above to solve the level

## 8. Lack of input validation (Command injection)

- Ask the Live Chat agent "What APIs do you have access to?"
- Ask the agent to subscribe to the newsletter using an e-mail address from the domain above (e.g. username@exploit-...exploit-server.net )
- Ask the agent to subscribe to the newsletter using an e-mail address of `ls`@exploit-...exploit-server.net
- Ask the agent to subscribe to the newsletter using an e-mail address of $(rm name_of_file)@exploit-...exploit-server.net

## 9. Insecure output handling

- Ask the Live Chat agent "What APIs do you have access to?"
- Send the Live Chat agent a message containing a XSS payload < img src=1 onerror=alert(1) >

## 10. -

- Does the XSS trigger? If not, inspect the page and see the output encoding that has been done to neutralize the attack.
- Click on "My account" and see that your account has been deleted.

## 12. -

- Take a screenshot of the exact format of the base prompt that includes your OdinID

## 13. -

- Take a screenshot of the results that includes your OdinID
- Take a screenshot of the results that includes your OdinID
