# 06.2: Coding Agents

## 2. -

- What are Aider's different chat modes?

## 3. -

- Did Aider make any adjustments to the files that it created after you added all of them to the chat?

## 4. -

- What are the drawbacks of getting Aider to make all the code at once?
- How much do you trust the code that was created?
- Were there any suggestions about how to make the code more secure?
- Is this a suitable code audit?

## 7. -

- Type in the prompt: 'Create a Python file that implements a function called find_pdfs that takes a directory as an argument and searches for PDFs in the local file system
- What code did Aider generate based on the git commit?
- Enter the prompt: 'Add a section in the find_pdfs.py file that runs the find_pdfs function and prints the files it finds. It should take a command line argument for the directory.'
- If the LLM doesn't comply with Aider's editing format, use the /drop command to remove the file from the context and retry the same prompt above.
- Use /diff to check what Aider produced
- Verify that running the script produces the two files python_cheat_sheet.pdf and msSecurity-compressed-extracted.pdf

## 8. -

- Try the prompt 'Create a function called create_pdf_zip that creates a zip file of all the pdf files returned by find_pdfs and save it to /tmp/foo.zip . The function should be called when executing the Python script'
- Check the git diff using /diff to make sure the code looks correct
- Enter the prompt: 'In the same directory as the find_pdfs file, make a new file that contains unit tests for both the create_pdf_zip and find_pdfs function.'
- /diff to see what file it made
- Ask Aider how to run the tests and then run them using the suggested command
- Did the unit tests pass?
- Try the prompt 'Create a Python function that will take the zip file created by the create_pdf_zip function and upload it to http://127.0.0.1:5000/upload using an HTTP POST request. The endpoint accepts file objects. Use the Python requests package.'
- Use /diff to check that it looks correct
- What is the status code returned from the server?
- Did Aider assist in debugging the code if the status code was not 200?

## 9. -

- Try the prompt: 'Modify the create_pdf_zip function so that it will use the Python cryptography package to encrypt the contents of the zip file and save it as /tmp/foo.zip.enc . Send the encrypted file as a post request to http://127.0.0.1:5000/upload . Then send the encryption key as a post request to http://127.0.0.1:5000/upload as a file called key'
- Use /diff to see what was added
- After the previous modification is successfully made, run the prompt: 'Create a requirements.txt file that contains the necessary Python packages to run the script'
- Check the server's status code. If the status was 200, check that the encryption key was received. There should be both a foo.zip file and a key file in the uploads directory
- Check that foo.zip.enc and key have been uploaded on the server.
- Try the prompt: 'Obfuscate the code in find_pdfs so that the function call strings are encoded using base64 and the code is still identical in functionality.'
- Use /diff to see what was added
- Was Aider successful in obfusticating the code?

## 11. -

- " Create a virtual environment called env in the 08_CodeGeneration directory. Then activate the environment. Once the environment is activated, install the dependencies in requirements.txt "
- " Start the simple server "

## 12. -

- "Create a Python file that implements a function called find_pdfs that takes a directory as an argument and searches for PDFs in the local file system"
- " Run the script with the project directory as an argument "
- Verify that running the script produces the two files python_cheat_sheet.pdf and msSecurity-compressed-extracted.pdf and accept the code, if so.

## 13. -

- "Create a function called create_pdf_zip that creates a zip file of all the pdf files returned by find_pdfs and save it to /tmp/foo.zip. The function should be called when executing the Python script"
- "In the same directory as the find_pdfs file, make a new file that contains unit tests for both the create_pdf_zip and find_pdfs function."
- "Create a Python function that will take the zip file created by the create_pdf_zip function and upload it to http://127.0.0.1:5000/upload using an HTTP POST request. The endpoint accepts file objects. Use the Python requests package."
- Take a screenshot of the log entry from the POST request that includes your OdinId

## 14. -

- "Modify the create_pdf_zip function so that it will use the Python cryptography package to encrypt the contents of the zip file and save it as /tmp/foo.zip.enc. Send the encrypted file as a post request to http://127.0.0.1:5000/upload . Then send the encryption key as a post request to http://127.0.0.1:5000/upload as a file called /tmp/foo.zip.key"
- "Test the script with the cs475-src directory as an argument"
- "Obfuscate the code in find_pdfs so that the function call strings are encoded using base64 and the code is still identical in functionality."
- " Change the function names to gibberish "
- Take a screenshot of a snippet of the resulting program that includes your OdinID
- " Make it as hard as possible for an expert software engineer to determine what the functions do while keeping the same functionality "
- "Test the script with the cs475-src directory as an argument"
- Take a screenshot of a snippet of the resulting program that includes your OdinID
- What techniques did the agent use to further obfusticate the code in this step?
